        project: ALPHA
current version: 1.00
  technology by: PHATRINO mamber of the TI-underground
          email: phatrino@yahoo.com
        website: Coming Soon...

        apology: Sorry this file's so long

    description: ALPHA is a program that can convert ti files
                 to text files.  This can be used to print
                 notes, work programs out on paper, manipulate
                 program files, I don't know.

                 I just give you the technology.
                 Do with it as you will.


   instructions: just type ALPHA [infile] [outfile] [arguments]
                 
                 infile must be a calc file on your computer
                 (with extension ie. 8xp/89t/etc)

                 outfile MUST be the name of the text file you
                 wish to output with .txt extension.

      arguments: nifty - use this if the input file is a NIFTY
                         formatted file.  The output file will
                         follow the NML format, and won't include
                         all the tags.
                         (for more information on NIFTY, download
                         the Flash App from TICalc.org for your
                         TI-83+)

                 colon - :use this if you want each new line in
                         :the output file to start with a colon
                         :as it would if you were viewing it on
                         :a calculator.
                         :
                         :Isn't this annoying?

                 sysversion - This argument is really for developers.
                              It will set the end return code to the
                              current version of ALPHA.
                              If you don't know what this is, don't
                              worry about it.

                              NOTE: The current version of nifty is
                                    1.00, thus the return code will
                                    be "1"
                                    You do not need to include in/out
                                    files when using this argument

   future plans: I NEED to add support for extended characters and all
                 that <censored>!

                 I need to add support for more commands on the TI-83

                 I'd like to be able to convert text files back to
                 calc files (even though it would take 3x as much
                 work!)

                 I WILL add support for the TI-86 and anything else
                 you want.

                 I will add support for more variaties of formatted
                 text.


 special thanks: Roman Lievin for fully documenting the 89/92 file format,
                 without whom this would have never been possible.

                 Peter Martijn for creating Nifty, which is the coolest
                 thing ever, and documenting the 8xp format, whithout
                 whom this would have never been possible.

                 Wilson W. Ng cause he seems like a cool guy.

                 Who ever created Lemmingz 83+

                 My guitar who helps me not kill someone when I screw
                 up my code.

                 TICalc.org I couldn't forget the coolest site
                 ever!

                 Everyone who's heard of Integer Software.
                 You know what I'm talkin' about.

   No thanks to: Texas Insturments for makin' the 8xp format so
                 #$@* complicated.

                 Ross cause he's stupid.

                 Whoever created the ARPG construction kit.
                 (what were you thinking?)

                 People who download this and never use it
                 (why would you do that?)


                 

